

link to finished codepin:https://codepen.io/mcmillanj0106/pen/JjJGpbe


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   hypertext mark up languge ,a text file that web browser can read and give meaning to markup
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is the language for describing the structure of Web pages.
       
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? header tag, use it only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img, anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  title, and meta 
    7. What is an id? an identifyer
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? a identifyer
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? use target_blank=""
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? describing the img
    15. How do I reference an id? hash tag id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a divsection is semantic a div is just a container
    17. What is CSS used for?  styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      an ID is used to identify one single element in our HTML,a class can do many
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .dot operator class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human, p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. ..
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar, a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height, and can use <br> break
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? use the CSS letter-spacing .
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text=transform:uppercase;lowercase etc..
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border 1px dotted black . 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? put in body styles
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?  /*      */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -r filename, you can delete entire dir if not careful
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep track of each change in case you need to go back or show progress
    35. How often should I commit to github? every tweenty minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push -u origin my name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. cd ~,cd desktop,cd lambdaprojects,git clone forked name here,cd ford name,
     git chekout -b my name, code ., add ., git commit -m "update info", git push -u origin my name 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?   block elemnt takes intire line,inline only space where it is
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? sits on its own layer separate from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? inline element
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. h1,header,div,. anchor, span . links
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? use the disply property= iline,inline-block,block
